# Getting Started - Terms of Use

Use of the Ed-Fi Alliance's MappingEDU system is free to licensees, subject to
the site's terms of use. For information about licensing Ed-Fi Technology, see
the [online licensing form available on
Ed-Fi.org](http://www.ed-fi.org/ed-fi-solution-works/license/).
If your organization is already a licensee, you can get a login using the
[online access request form on
Ed-Fi.org](http://license.ed-fi.org/access-request-form/) (and
please note that you're interested in MappingEDU in your access request).

The [full terms of use and privacy
policy](#GettingStartedTermsofUse-Full_Terms_of_Use) follow the summary below.

## Terms of Use Summary

This summary of the terms of use attempts to outline the points of greatest
interest to MappingEDU system users. It is no substitute for legal advice, so
make sure to have an attorney review the terms of use in full if you have any
concerns or questions. The [full terms of
use](#GettingStartedTermsofUse-Full_Terms_of_Use) shall form the entire
relationship between the parties and this summary has no legal force or effect.

### Key Provisions

* Use of the system is currently free.
* The system is provided as-is, with no warranty.
* The Ed-Fi Alliance assumes no liability associated with use of the system.
* The Ed-Fi Alliance reserves the right to change ANY licensing conditions or
    terms of service in the future, including the zero-cost hosting.

### Users May

* Use the system for any lawful purpose.
* Freely modify and distribute reports generated by this system.
* Provide feedback or suggest improvements for the system.

### Users May Not

* Upload or enter data standard definitions that are considered a trade secret
    by their owner.
* Upload or enter data standard definitions that are considered proprietary by
    their owner.
* Upload or enter any copyright-infringing material to the system.
* Share their login information with another person. Logins are free for
    employees and contractors of licensed organizations, so just [sign
    up](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/www.ed-fi.org/access-request/).

### Worth Noting

* Should the Alliance establish a cost for system use in the future, users will
    be notified in advance and given an opportunity to download reports and
    other data from the system.
* Users should not load any information they, or the information’s owners,
    consider confidential. Although users currently have control over the
    sharing and visibility of many aspects of their work done in the system,
    data in the system may need to be accessed for maintenance and
    troubleshooting. In addition, the Alliance encourages users to share
    mappings, both for informational purposes and to support the system’s
    computer-assisted mapping algorithms.
* From time to time, the Alliance staff reviews data standards and mappings held
    in the system to assess the real-world use of the Ed-Fi Data Standard. Where
    mappings appear useful to the general public, the Alliance may wish to make
    the data mappings and associated standards publicly available. Should the
    Alliance wish to publish information, it will first notify the users
    associated with the project or data standard and give them the option to opt
    out.

## Terms of Use and Privacy Policy

Revised: August 2016

1.  **Introduction.** This Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy (“Terms of
    Use”) describes the conditions under which users (“Users”) of the website
    (“Website”) owned and operated by the Ed-Fi Alliance, LLC (Alliance) may use
    the Website. The Website is
    ~~mappingedu.ed-fi.org~~.
2.  **Content.** The Website has been created by Alliance, a Texas limited
    liability corporation. The Website and its contents, including, without
    limitation, all text and images, are owned and/or licensed by Alliance,
    unless otherwise noted. Except where specifically allowed, reproduction,
    distribution, republication or retransmission of any Website material is
    prohibited unless the prior written permission of Alliance or owner has been
    obtained. Alliance reserves the right to prohibit linking to the Website for
    any reason in its sole discretion.
3.  **No Warranty.** While reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the
    information in the Website is accurate, the information is not guaranteed to
    be correct, complete or up-to-date. ALL WEBSITE INFORMATION AND
    FUNCTIONALITY IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS WHERE-IS” BASIS. No warranty is made
    as to the accuracy of the content on the Website. Alliance reserves the
    right to change Website content as needed, with retroactive effect as
    designated, to correct any errors or other information that may have been
    posted. Alliance may, at its sole discretion, limit access to, close, or
    otherwise discontinue availability of the Website.
4.  **Linking.** Nothing in the Website (including links to other sites) should
    be interpreted as promoting, referring, recommending, endorsing,
    guaranteeing, or warranting, any particular organization, program, service,
    product, entity or provider. All links or references to other websites are
    provided as a convenience only. Users of the Website acknowledge that linked
    or referenced websites are not operated or controlled by Alliance and are
    governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of the operators of such
    other websites. Any interactions a User may have with any websites other
    than the Website, including, without limitation, uploading or otherwise
    disclosing personal information to such other websites, is in the sole
    discretion and control of the User. Alliance reserves the right upon notice
    to prohibit linking to the Website for any reason in its sole discretion.
5.  **Collection of Non-Personalized User Data.** Alliance may collect general,
    non-personally identifiable information regarding usage and Users of the
    Website, including, without limitation, the name of the domain of each User,
    the IP protocol number of each User, and the date and time each web page was
    visited. Some pages may use cookies to maintain sessions or to automate
    navigation. A cookie is a small text file that the Alliance web server
    places on a User’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier of that
    computer. Cookies enable Alliance to track usage patterns and other
    statistics. Alliance may use usage tracking and clickstream tracking to
    track all Users with cookies enabled. Alliance cookies may not expire. Any
    Users wishing to utilize the Website but not want data about their activity
    collected can disable cookies on their computers prior to interacting with
    the site, though disabling cookies will limit the functionality of the User
    experience with the Website.
6.  **Collection of Personally Identifiable Information.** Alliance may collect
    personally identifiable information via the Website from Users who
    voluntarily provide such information. Personally identifiable information
    will not be collected by any method that does not involve an affirmative
    action on the part of the User to submit such information to Alliance.
    Examples of situations in which the Website may collect personally
    identifiable information include, but are not limited to: issuing login
    credentials for Users; email addresses of Users who send email to Alliance;
    mailing addresses of Users who sign up an account on the Website; Users
    acknowledge and agree that Alliance may use such information in any manner
    reasonably related to its charitable purpose. Such charitable purpose may
    include disclosure of personally identifiable information to Alliance’s
    employees and third party contractors working on behalf of Alliance in
    support of Alliance’s administrative functions.
7.  **No Selling of Information.** Alliance will not sell any non-personalized
    user data or personally identifiable information to any other party.
8.  **Use of Information.** As the host of the Website, Alliance requires access
    to information entered by Users for the purposes of system maintenance and
    troubleshooting, including copying information for the purposes of system
    backup. From time to time, the Alliance may also review information held in
    the system to assess the real-world use of its products and data
    specifications, or for similar purposes.
9.  **Publication and Sharing of Information.** The Website allows Users to
    share information entered into the system with other Users at their
    discretion. The Website provides downloadable reports which Users may freely
    share subject to these Terms of Use. The Website also provides the ability
    for the Alliance to make information public. Should the Alliance wish to
    make information entered by a User available to the general public, it will
    first notify said User who shall have the option to opt out.
10. **Security of Communications/Information.** Users may not share their login
    information with another person. While Alliance makes reasonable efforts to
    secure communications over the Website, which may vary depending on the
    content of the information transmitted, Alliance does not provide secure
    transactions at all times. Alliance also makes reasonable efforts to
    maintain security measures and tools to protect against the loss or theft of
    information collected through the Website. However, no security measures can
    ensure complete privacy and confidentiality of information, and Alliance
    cannot guarantee, and makes no warranty regarding, the security of any
    information transmitted or collected.
11. **Compliance with Law.** Alliance will fully cooperate with any law
    enforcement authorities and comply with any court orders requesting Alliance
    to disclose personally identifiable or other information requested by such
    authorities.
12. **User Actions and User-Provided Information.** Users agree that any
    information provided to Alliance shall be accurate and complete. Users agree
    not to provide information to Alliance that relates to any individuals
    (other than themselves) or entities without the permission of the individual
    or entity referenced. Users agree not to send unsolicited commercial email,
    including but not limited to spam, chain emails, advertising solicitations
    and similar email solicitations, to any email address provided on the
    Website. Users agree not to use any device, software or routine that
    interferes with the proper functioning of the Website or servers or networks
    connected to the Website, or take any other action that interferes with
    other parties’ use of the Website. Users agree not to use any “robot”,
    “spider” or other automatic or manual device or process for the purpose of
    compiling information on the Website for purposes other than for a generally
    available search engine. Users agree not to use the Website in any manner
    that may be infringing, for a commercial/advertising purpose, threatening,
    false, misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, or give rise to any
    criminal or civil liability. Users agree to comply with all applicable laws
    and regulations relating to User’s use of the Website.
13. **Intellectual Property.** Alliance respects the intellectual property
    rights of others. Users acknowledge and agree that no information shall be
    entered or uploaded to this site that is copyright-infringing, considered by
    the owner to be proprietary, or considered by the owner to be a trade
    secret.
14. **No Users Under 13.** The Website is intended for use by individuals who
    are 13 years old or older. The Website is not directed at children, and any
    individuals who are under 13 years of age should not use the Website.
15. **User Feedback.** Alliance welcomes feedback about the Website from Users.
    Users acknowledge and agree that any feedback, or any other information,
    provided shall become the sole property of Alliance, and Alliance may use
    such feedback or information in any manner in its sole discretion.
16. **Unsubscribing.** Users may receive Alliance announcements or information
    via email or other methods based on prior interactions Users may have had
    with the Website. To unsubscribe to such announcements, Users should follow
    the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the email sent, or contact
    ~~info @ed-fi.org~~.
17. **User Assumption of Risk; Release and Indemnification.** Users assume all
    risks related to use of the Website. Each User agrees to indemnify, defend,
    and hold Alliance (including its owners, heirs, successors, assigns,
    affiliates, officers, directors, members, employees, agents and
    representatives) harmless from and against any losses, damages, liabilities
    or costs of any nature related in any manner to the use of the Website by
    such User. Alliance shall not be liable to Users or any other parties for
    any claims for damages, whether direct, indirect, special, consequential,
    incidental or punitive, based on any cause of action whatsoever relating to
    use of the Website by any person or entity.
18. **Users Who are Governmental Employees or Officials.** Alliance welcomes
    governmental employees and officials to peruse the Alliance Website. If you
    choose to contact Alliance for further information, you acknowledge that you
    are contacting Alliance on behalf of your governmental body/agency to
    request the input and expertise of Alliance for technical assistance on a
    specific project.
19. **Governing Law.** These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State
    of Texas, United States of America, without regard to choice of law
    provisions. The courts located in Austin, Texas, USA, shall have exclusive
    jurisdiction over any disputes relating to the Website.
20. **Amendment.** These Terms of Use may be amended at any time by Alliance in
    its sole discretion. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement
    between Alliance and the User relating to use of the Website.

**Acceptance of Terms of Use.** YOUR USE AND VIEWING OF THE WEBSITE INDICATES
YOUR AFFIRMATIVE AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE
TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE. Copyright © 2022. Ed-Fi Alliance,
LLC. All rights reserved.
